Update: NMEA sample with GNSS device API (#1058)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Maps/Display device location with NMEA data sources/README.md

## Use case

> NMEA sentences can be retrieved from GNSS/GPS receivers and parsed into a series of coordinates with additional information. Devices without a built-in GNSS receiver can retrieve NMEA sentences by using a separate GNSS dongle, commonly connected Bluetooth or through a serial port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NMEA sentences can be retrieved from GNSS/GPS receivers and parsed into a series of coordinates with additional information. Devices without a built-in GNSS receiver can retrieve NMEA sentences by using a separate GNSS dongle, commonly connected through Bluetooth or a serial port.
```

> NMEA sentences can be retrieved from GNSS/GPS receivers and parsed into a series of coordinates with additional information. Devices without a built-in GNSS receiver can retrieve NMEA sentences by using a separate GNSS dongle, commonly connected through Bluetooth or a serial port.

Reviewer 2: Is this section supposed to be generic to any platform? It just seems odd that it references "a built-in GNSS receiver" and "a serial port" when iOS devices have neither of those things.

The NMEA location data source allows for detailed interrogation of the information coming from the GNSS receiver. For example, allowing you to report the number of satellites in view, accuracy of the location, etc.

## How to use the sample

Tap "Source" to choose between a simulated location data source or any data source created from a connected GNSS device, and initiate the location display. Tap "Recenter" to recenter the location display. Tap "Reset" to reset the location display and location data source.

## How it works

1. Load NMEA sentences.

>     * If a supported GNSS receiver is connected, the sample can get NMEA updates from it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * If a supported GNSS accessory is connected, the sample can get NMEA updates from it.
```

    * Otherwise, the sample will read mock data from a local file.
2. Create an `AGSNMEALocationDataSource`. There are 2 ways to provide updates to the data source.

>     * When updates are received from a GNSS device or the mock data provider, push the data into `AGSNMEALocationDataSource`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * When updates are received from a GNSS accessory or the mock data provider, push the data into `AGSNMEALocationDataSource`.
```

>     * With the Runtime SDK 100.11.0 release, you can create an `AGSNMEALocationDataSource` with the GNSS device connected via `EAAccessory` and its protocol specified in `UISupportedExternalAccessoryProtocols`. The data source created this way will automatically get updates from the device instead of requiring to push data explicitly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Starting with Runtime SDK 100.11, you can initialize `AGSNMEALocationDataSource` with a GNSS accessory. The data source created this way will automatically get updates from the device instead of requiring to push data explicitly.
```

>     * In the Runtime SDK 100.11.0 release, it is also supported to create an `AGSNMEALocationDataSource` with the GNSS device connected via `EAAccessory` and its protocol specified in `UISupportedExternalAccessoryProtocols`. The data source created this way will automatically get updates from the device instead of requiring to push data explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * With the Runtime SDK 100.11.0 release, you can create an `AGSNMEALocationDataSource` with the GNSS device connected via `EAAccessory` and its protocol specified in `UISupportedExternalAccessoryProtocols`. The data source created this way will automatically get updates from the device instead of requiring to push data explicitly.
```
I know using "you" isn't ideal here but I feel like this phrasing reads better.

## About the data

> A list of NMEA sentences is used to initialize a `SimulatedNMEADataSource` object. This simulated data source provides NMEA data periodically and allows the sample to be used on devices without a GNSS receiver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A list of NMEA sentences is used to initialize a `SimulatedNMEADataSource` object. This simulated data source provides NMEA data periodically and allows the sample to be used without a GNSS accessory.
```

> A list of NMEA sentences is used to initialize a `SimulatedNMEADataSource` object. This simulated data source provides NMEA data periodically, and allows the sample to be used on devices without a GNSS receiver that produces NMEA data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of NMEA sentences is used to initialize a `SimulatedNMEADataSource` object. This simulated data source provides NMEA data periodically and allows the sample to be used on devices that produce NMEA data without a GNSS receiver.
```
I'm not as familiar with NMEA so my suggestion may be incorrect.

The route taken in this sample features a [2-minute driving trip around Redlands, CA](https://arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=d5bad9f4fee9483791e405880fb466da).

## Additional information

> To support GNSS device connection in an app, here are a few steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To support GNSS accessory connection in an app, here are a few steps:
```

> * Enable Bluetooth connection in the Settings, or connect via Lightning connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable Bluetooth connection in the device settings or connect via Lightning connector.
```
Is Lightning the correct term here? I think some iOS devices only support Thunderbolt.

Author: Hmm good point. I'll change it to cable.

> * Refer to the device manufacturer's documentation to get its protocol string, and add the protocol to the app’s `Info.plist` under the key `UISupportedExternalAccessoryProtocols`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Refer to the device manufacturer's documentation to get its protocol string and add the protocol to the app’s `Info.plist` under the `UISupportedExternalAccessoryProtocols` key.
```

> * When working with any MFi accessory, the end user must register their iOS app with the accessory manufacturer first to whitelist their app before submitting it to the AppStore for approval. This is a requirement by Apple and stated in the iOS Developer Program License Agreement.

Reviewer 2: App Store is two words.

```suggestion
* When working with any MFi accessory, the end user must register their iOS app with the accessory manufacturer first to whitelist their app before submitting it to the App Store for approval. This is a requirement by Apple and stated in the iOS Developer Program License Agreement.
```

Please read Apple's documentation below for further details.

* [`EAAccessory`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/externalaccessory)
* [`UISupportedExternalAccessoryProtocols`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information_property_list/uisupportedexternalaccessoryprotocols)

## Tags

> Bluetooth, dongle, GNSS, GPS, history, navigation, NMEA, real-time, trace

Reviewer 2: I would suggest replacing `dongle` with `accessory`. You might also add `MFi`.
